[upbeat music]
Guys, you should be working
on your bridge assignments.
We are. We're de-fudging
the sticks.
Oh! Shh.
Judge Junior's coming back on
with his ruling.
And his clever word play.
- In the case
of the careless cat-sitter,
I have reached a verdict.
Or I should I say purr-dict.
Purr-dict?
He's pun-believable.
- Guilty!
Case closed.
All right.
Break's over.
Time to buckle down
and get back to work.
- Oh.
- Yeah.
- Let's do it.
Did you guys just eat
an entire box of fudge pops?
No.
We ate six boxes.
[gasps]
- Okay, this is
out of control.
You kids are eating
way too much junk food.
- Your mother's right.
The Harper house is now
a healthy house.
Only nutritious snacks
from here on out.
[all]
Oh!
Right, Tom?
- Mm-hmm.
Normally, I'd say
you're setting a bad example,
but the brain freeze
you're about to have
will say it for me.
Ha!
[yelps]
- See, kids?
You can't hurt yourself
with fruit.
Oh!
I just bit my tongue.
[all]
Oh.
- What happened to the sticks
with jokes on them?
I want my bridge
to make people laugh.
Oh, I think
you've got that covered.
Wait.
Is that one of my joke sticks?
Well, I don't see
your name on it.
Unless your name is "Where can
you find a nosy hot pepper?
"Jalapeno business."
Just give it.
- No!
- Oh!
[gasps]
- My bridge.
- Whoops.
You did that on purpose!
No, I didn't.
It was an accident.
- Was not.
- Was too!
- Not!
- Too!
[both]
Mom!
No, Mom is dealing
with Dad's brain freeze.
[Tom]
It hurts so much, Anne.
Too bad we can't go on
Judge Junior to settle this.
We don't need Judge Junior.
We can take this
to a different court.
All rise.
Quad Court is now
in session.
The Honorable Dawn Harper
presiding.
Hey, hey, hey.
No fair.
The Honorable Ricky Harper
was powdering his wig.
I should be the judge.
- Should not.
- Should too.
- Not!
- Too!
- I'm the better judge.
- No, I am.
[both shouting]
Couldn't you both be judges?
[grumbles]
- Sure.
- That'll work.
Huh.
Jalapeno business.
Now I get it!
Good one, stick.
[upbeat music]
♪ Na na na na na na
na na na na na, hey! ♪
na na na na na ♪
[whistling melody]
♪ ♪
[rhythmic clapping]
♪ One, two, three, four! ♪
♪ ♪
♪ Na na na na na-na ♪
♪ Na na na na na-na, hey! ♪
- ♪ One, two ♪
- ♪ Na na na na na-na ♪
♪ One, two, three, four! ♪
[upbeat music]
All right.
Quad Court's in session.
Fine.
- That felt good.
- I know, right?
Nicky, can you please
tell the court,
in your own words,
what happened?
I was building my bridge,
minding my own business,
when Colonel Cool Hair
came over--
- Objection!
My hair is not cool.
It's awesome.
Case closed.
It's not closed.
You broke my bridge
because I insulted yours.
I swear, Your Honors.
I only broke his bridge because
I wanted the joke sticks.
[both gasp]
So you did do it on purpose.
Fine.
I confess.
But I ask the court, is that
really what this is all about?
That's all this is about.
Dicky Harper, in "The Case of
Nicky's Bridge is ♪ Falling
Down,
Falling Down, Falling Down ♪",
you are guilty.
Dicky Harper,
you are hereby sentenced
to carry Nicky Harper's backpack
around for one day.
That seems fair.
This... is...
so not fair.
It seems fair to me.
Ooh, a penny.
Let's save this little fella
for later.
Oh!
[grunts]
I object.
[both]
We'll allow it.
[upbeat music]
Plain yogurt?
Delicious ice cream.
[chuckles]
Mm.
[gasps]
I love plain yogurt!
What a run.
Now that all that sugar's
out of my body,
I feel so alive
and full of energy.
Yeah, sugar-free's
the way to be.
I feel like I could
run another ten miles.
Oh, I could run 11.
Great, let's go.
- Now?
- Yeah.
I have to finish my yogurt, so--
Here, let me help you.
- No, no, I got it.
- Okay, great, let's go.
[yelps]
[Anne]
Tom?
[whimpering]
I love running!
[yips]
[upbeat music]
[all]
Ugh.
Okay.
Everyone just
close your eyes and imagine
the vegetables are a pizza,
the salad is nachos,
and this apple is a fried
mac and cheese ball.
It's working.
I can smell the nachos.
I can smell the mac and cheese.
Dawn!
Sorry, Mae.
All we're eating now
are fruits and vegetables.
Our mom is trying to make us
eat healthier.
Mine, too.
Luckily my dad packed my lunch
this morning.
Mmm.
I love you, Daddy.
If anybody asks,
I've been here the whole time.
Who's gonna ask?
I know it was one of you
who toilet papered my tortoise.
And when I find out
who did this to Shelly,
you will be sent
to the principal's office.
Which is my office.
You will be sent to me.
[sighs]
I'm guessing it was Mack.
Oh, please.
I know Mack.
Mack would never do
something like that.
I did it.
I don't know
what got into me, but...
it felt great.
Now, if you'll excuse me,
I'm going to go burp
into the PA system.
Huh.
You think you know somebody.
I'd like to know
that cinnamon roll.
Mae, look what you did
to my shirt.
Me?
I've been sitting here.
No, you borrowed it last week
and gave it back with a stain.
- Did not.
- Did too.
You owe me a new shirt.
- Do not!
- Do too!
Too bad you guys can't
settle this in Quad Court.
Quad Court?
Yeah, it's like Judge Junior.
But with us.
That's a great idea.
We should bring our case
to you.
Totally.
I don't really know.
It's more of a...
family thing.
Would you guys settle our case
in Quad Court
if we brought snacks?
You know,
the kind my daddy makes?
[both]
We'll see you in court.
[upbeat music]
Quad Court is now
in session.
The Honorable Nicky...
- Ricky...
- Dicky...
And Dawn Harper
presiding.
Today, we will hear
"The Case of Who's to Blame for
the Mystery Stain."
Before we proceed,
will the two parties
please approach the bench
with their court fees?
[all]
Ooh.
Judges, does this
please the court?
Mm-hmm.
Very pleased.
It's good to be the judge.
Okay, I gotta ask.
Is this court thing happening?
Is it not happening?
Right, sorry.
Let's begin.
[sighs]
Molly, please tell the court
in your own words what happened.
Well, I loaned Mae this shirt
and it came back
with this stain.
I've heard enough.
Molly, I sentence you
to go out with me.
Mae, what's your side
of the story?
Well, Molly loaned me the shirt,
I wore it on Wednesday,
and when I gave it back,
it didn't have a stain on it.
I've heard enough.
Mae, I sentence you
to go out with me.
Wait, Wednesday?
Wasn't that the day
that we did each other's nails?
Yeah, but we didn't get any
on the shirt.
We'll be the judges
of that.
Let's see
your nails.
And the shirt.
[gasping]
Whoops.
Guess I'm guilty.
The judges will now deliberate.
Have you guys tried
the mini hot dogs?
The fritter is so--
[all whispering excitedly]
Are we getting a verdict?
Are we not getting a verdict?
[all]
Guilty!
Mae B. Valentine,
the court sentences you
to apologize to Molly.
And replace her shirt.
And go out with me.
Or get Molly to go out with me.
Judge Dicky ain't picky.
Case closed.
Argument settled.
Let's eat.
- Mmm.
- Oh.
- Oh, yeah.
- Mmm.
Too bad we don't have
any more cases.
I could really use a milkshake
to wash down this fritter.
- More cases.
I wonder...
Anyone else have a case
they'd like for us to settle?
Looks like justice
is about to be served.
In my mouth.
[upbeat music]
I don't know what tastes better.
"The Case
of the Spitball Bandit"
or "The Case
of the Lunch Line Cutter."
Two great cases
that taste great together.
Oh.
Whoa, Mack's at it again.
[whoopee cushion blows air]
[laughter]
That wasn't me!
I think I just sat on
a whoopee cushion.
[laughter]
Where does he keep coming up
with these pranks?
Forget the pranks.
Where does he keep coming up
with those
delicious cinnamon rolls?
Oh!
Mm.
[stomach gurgles]
Oh, maybe Mom was right.
Maybe we should
give up the Quad Court
and start eating healthy.
Just do what I do:
eat through the pain.
The pain is just your stomach
saying, "I want more."
[stomach growls]
Oh.
See?
That guy gets it.
Guys, we've got a problem.
We don't have any more cases.
This is the last
of our junk food.
That's not a problem.
We'll just get another case.
I mean, kids are always
fighting with each other. Yeah.
[laughter]
Doesn't look like it.
Everyone is getting along.
Do you think it's all
because of Quad Court?
Hey, guys.
Everyone's getting along.
And it's all
because of Quad Court.
[upbeat music]
Ugh.
Ooh, carrots, huh?
Nice.
You know, I am so proud of you
and your dad
for finally eating right.
You know what?
Wheat grass shots for everybody.
[all]
Yay!
[all groaning]
Delivery for Tom Harper.
Looks like a whole lot
of candy golf balls.
Shh!
Just...play it cool.
Oh, gotcha.
Don't worry,
I do community theater.
Hello, store owner.
Here is your delivery of
100% real golf balls.
Candy golf balls, you say?
Why, no they're not.
[fake laughs]
Nailed it.
Here you go.
Thank you, thank you.
Now...I'll have
my own candy bowl.
Mm-hmm.
Hidden in plain sight.
Mm.
You, sir, are a genius.
Well, drink up.
[chuckles]
Good job.
Way to get healthy, kids.
Ugh, this is what
it's come to?
Drinking grass?
And drinking it again.
I made your dad's
extra wheat-y and grassy.
[retches]
This has to stop.
Quad Court needs more cases,
fast.
You know, just because
everyone's getting along now
doesn't mean they'll
always get along.
What if someone
stirred up a little trouble?
So you're suggesting
we start fights
just to get more court cases?
- That is unethical.
- Immoral.
And just plain wrong.
Hey, guys.
Why are you guys
looking at me like that?
Okay.
[all shuddering]
[all]
I'm in.
Looks like someone
needs to go to Quad Court.
And I know just how
we're going to get him there.
Mom!
Oh, no.
I spit backwards.
[upbeat music]
Okay, here comes Goldberg.
Operation "Fake Mack Attack
So We Can Get Our Snacks Back"
is a go.
Goldberg.
My man, what's up?
Well, I lost my retainer
in the bathroom after lunch,
so I called my mother,
but then I dropped my phone
in the toilet, and--
Yeah, yeah, great talk.
Can I borrow your history book?
It's in your locker.
Let's go.
Oh, hey, guys.
Look who I found.
Why me?
Having a disagreement?
Can't decide
who's right or wrong?
Let the Quad Court decide.
For a nom-nom-nominal fee.
What is going on here?
Mack.
It wasn't me.
That's it.
First, my tortoise.
Then the whoopee cushion.
Now there are
balls in the halls.
You are suspended.
My office, now.
- Wait, stop.
It wasn't Mack.
Oh, really?
Then who was it, hmm?
It was us.
Look, kids, I appreciate you
trying to stick up for your
friend.
But all of the evidence
points to Mack,
and that evidence says
he's guilty.
Case closed.
Wait--
- Oh.
- Here.
I won't be able to enjoy this
where I'm going.
I'm not going to be able to
enjoy this either.
- Yeah.
- I agree.
- So let's eat it sadly.
- Yeah.
[upbeat music]
Doesn't this feel great, Tom?
Don't you just feel... alive?
I feel... excruciatingly alive!
[panting]
Oh, look,
there's someone at the counter.
I'll be right back, okay?
Okay.
Whoo-hoo!
[chuckles]
Oh, oh.
Oh, no.
Where are my sweet golf balls?
My sweet, sweet,
candy golf balls.
Where's the sugar?
Where's the sweet?
It's not there.
[upbeat music]
We know how upset
you are about Shelly,
and we think we have
just the thing to cheer her up.
Well, I hope this works, kids.
Now where is this gentleman
crawler you've found for Shelly?
Right here.
That's a dog
in a turtle costume.
What?
All right, Principal Tarian.
You caught us.
We thought we could fool you,
but you're obviously a man
who can recognize the truth.
The whole truth
and nothing but the truth.
Which is why we hope
you'll give us the chance
to show you the truth in...
[all]
The Quad Court!
Where we will prove
we set up Mack.
Kids, I'm sorry,
but Mack is clearly guilty.
You only think that because you
haven't heard all the evidence.
Mack A. Damia,
did you or did you not
put those golf balls
in Goldberg's locker?
I did not!
Case closed.
Mack, you're free to go.
What?
No, he's not.
You haven't proven anything.
But we're about to.
We call our first witness,
the Harper Quads.
[all]
That's us.
Now, did we or did we not
put those golf balls
in Goldberg's locker?
- Yes.
- We did.
Totally.
There you have it.
The Quads are guilty.
Case closed.
Mack A. Damian,
you're free to go.
Now get out of here,
you little nut.
Ah, not so fast.
You still haven't
proven anything.
But these will.
We took these from our dad's
store, which proves we did it.
Those could have
come from anywhere.
Look, I'm sorry, kids,
but I don't see any evidence
that connects you
to these particular golf balls.
- Hey, kids.
Hey, Mack.
Principal Tarian.
Don't mind me, I'm just looking
for some particular golf balls.
And these appear to be them.
See?
They really are his.
If they weren't his,
would he lick them?
- Of course he would because
they're not really golf balls.
They're candy.
[gasping]
It was Mack.
Case closed.
Mack, you're in
a lot of trouble.
No.
Since the golf balls
used in the crime
are clearly our dad's,
it proves Mack didn't do it.
And we did.
Well, I guess
you're off the hook.
[all]
Yes!
But you kids are in big trouble.
[all]
Oh.
I'll see you in my office
first thing in the morning.
They'll be there,
Principal Tarian.
I'm sorry, Mack.
This is all because we couldn't
give up eating junk food.
And our need for sweets made us
do some not-so-sweet things.
Tell me about it.
Ever since my mom started
making those cinnamon rolls,
I've been so sugared up
I just haven't been myself.
Neither have we.
So, from now on, no sweets.
Well, seeing as this is
where "no sweets" got us,
maybe we should aim
for less sweets.
- Yeah.
- Yeah, that sounds good.
- I'm sorry to interrupt,
but have you seen Shelly? I
can't find her anywhere.
[upbeat music]
♪ Na na na na na na
na na na na na ♪
na na na na na na ♪
[whistling]
♪ ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah,
yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah, yeah, yeah, yeah ♪
♪ Yeah! ♪